Add UsageTrackerClient to distributor (#10104)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

# limiting feature.)
# CLI flag: -distributor.reusable-ingester-push-workers
[reusable_ingester_push_workers: <int> | default = 2000]

usage_tracker_client:
  # Preferred availability zone to query usage-trackers.
  # CLI flag: -distributor.usage-tracker-client.prefer-availability-zone
  [prefer_availability_zone: <string> | default = ""]

  # (advanced) Delay before initiating requests to further usage-trackers (e.g.
  # in other zones).
  # CLI flag: -distributor.usage-tracker-client.requests-hedging-delay
  [requests_hedging_delay: <duration> | default = 100ms]

  # (advanced) Number of pre-allocated workers used to send requests to
  # usage-trackers. If 0, no workers pool will be used and a new goroutine will

>   # be spawned for each request.

Reviewer: We avoid using "will" in docs to always maintain present tense.

  # CLI flag: -distributor.usage-tracker-client.reusable-workers
  [reusable_workers: <int> | default = 500]

  # (advanced) Enable TLS for gRPC client connecting to usage-tracker.
  # CLI flag: -distributor.usage-tracker-client.tls-enabled
  [tls_enabled: <boolean> | default = false]

  # (advanced) Path to the client certificate, which will be used for

>   # authenticating with the server. Also requires the key path to be configured.

Reviewer: It's best to use active voice when possible.

  # CLI flag: -distributor.usage-tracker-client.tls-cert-path
  [tls_cert_path: <string> | default = ""]

  # (advanced) Path to the key for the client certificate. Also requires the
  # client certificate to be configured.
  # CLI flag: -distributor.usage-tracker-client.tls-key-path
  [tls_key_path: <string> | default = ""]

  # (advanced) Path to the CA certificates to validate server certificate

>   # against. If not set, the host's root CA certificates are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # against. If not set, it uses the host's root CA certificates.
```
